[latest] report-null-metrics (#32)
hivemq/hivemq-aws-cloudwatch-extension: README.adoc

| report-interval | A value in minutes which sets the reporting interval (defaults to 1 minute)
| api-timeout | The api call and api attempt timeout in ms (if not set defaults to AWS SDK default)
| metric enabled="{true/false}" | a metric name (from a list of metrics) which should be reported to CloudWatch

> | report-raw-count-value | Report the raw value of count metrics instead of reporting only the count difference since the last report, default is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| report-raw-count-value | Report the raw value of count metrics instead of only reporting metric value changes. The default is false.
```

> | zero-values-submission | POSTs all values to CloudWatch. Otherwise, the reporter does not POST values which are zero in order to save costs, default is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| zero-values-submission | If enabled, the extension also POSTs zero value metric updates to CloudWatch. Otherwise, the reporter does not POST zero values in order to save costs. The default is false.
```
